getinvolved.md, before:

---
layout: single
title: ""
permalink: /getinvolved/
# author_profile: true

---

# Get Involved in ManyDogs

There are multiple ways that you can get involved in ManyDogs, and contributors at all stages of their careers (Undergraduate to Professor Emeritus) are very welcome to join the project.  

At this time, **we have an open call for contributors** who are able to collect data for ManyDogs 1. If your research site would like to register for data collection, please read the [Manual](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iuYElQSssoOMVC3nu7BLrFZovoM0TIEqmGM1bUaYbpo/edit?usp=sharing)  before registering through our [Contributor Sign-Up Survey](https://bit.ly/md1contributor).

If you would like to get involved but do not have a site for behavioural data collection, please get in touch anyway! There are administrative, funding acquisition, and creative roles within ManyDogs that can lead to authorship on this or subsequent studies. 

If you want to participate in ManyDogs 1 with your dog, check out our [Collaborators](/collaborators) for a complete list of the locations where ManyDogs 1 is being offered. If there's a location near you, we recommend that you reach out to them for details on how to sign up for their research program.

# Join Our Communication Network

To receive periodic project updates, you can join our [**GoogleGroup**](https://groups.google.com/u/2/g/manydogs) (i.e., email list). For more frequent communication, you can join our [**Slack Workspace**](https://manydogsproject.slack.com), where much of our day-to-day discussion takes place. To join Slack, please [email](mailto:manydogsproject@gmail.com) the project coordinators specifying the email address that you would like to have invited. We'll also be posting important dates and announcements about the project via [Twitter](https://www.twitter.com/manydogsproject), give us a follow!

Commit message:

update get involved with link to questions

getinvolved.md, after:

---
layout: single
title: ""
permalink: /getinvolved/
# author_profile: true

---

# Get Involved in ManyDogs

There are multiple ways that you can get involved in ManyDogs, and contributors at all stages of their careers (Undergraduate to Professor Emeritus) are very welcome to join the project.  

At this time, **we have an open call for contributors** who are able to collect data for ManyDogs 1. If your research site would like to register for data collection, please read the [Manual](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iuYElQSssoOMVC3nu7BLrFZovoM0TIEqmGM1bUaYbpo/edit?usp=sharing) and prereview the [questions](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1xgxU9X5KeUAAPcUl5dB8LfgPjO55p3Ea/view?usp=sharing) you will need to answer before registering through our [Contributor Sign-Up Survey](https://bit.ly/md1contributor) - this will ensure you have all the required information available to sign up your research site. 

If you would like to get involved but do not have a site for behavioural data collection, please get in touch anyway! There are administrative, funding acquisition, and creative roles within ManyDogs that can lead to authorship on this or subsequent studies. 

If you want to participate in ManyDogs 1 with your dog, check out our [Collaborators](/collaborators) for a complete list of the locations where ManyDogs 1 is being offered. If there's a location near you, we recommend that you reach out to them for details on how to sign up for their research program.

# Join Our Communication Network

To receive periodic project updates, you can join our [**GoogleGroup**](https://groups.google.com/u/2/g/manydogs) (i.e., email list). For more frequent communication, you can join our [**Slack Workspace**](https://manydogsproject.slack.com), where much of our day-to-day discussion takes place. To join Slack, please [email](mailto:manydogsproject@gmail.com) the project coordinators specifying the email address that you would like to have invited. We'll also be posting important dates and announcements about the project via [Twitter](https://www.twitter.com/manydogsproject), give us a follow!
